# CSCI_FINAL_PROJECT
I used a breast cancer dataset to predict whether an individual who has breast cancer will be a victim of it again in the future or won't, based on variables such as inv-nodes, tumour size, menopausal status, tumour size, and age status. I have two jupyter files for data cleaniing and for my visuals. My visual file also includes my code for overfitting/underitting and my machine learnning models. I cleaned my breast cancer dataset by replacing missing values with the mode of the data, replaced any "?" with "Nan", defined categorical columns and mapped them to an integer value, and converetd the variable deg-malig to an integer. Not much data cleaning was needed considering the data was already standardized  well. IN my visuals file, I incorporated a pie chart, some bar graphs, a boxplot, and a correlation martix to display some data visualization with the breast cancer variables. I also incorportaed some machine learning code to was well as  a a graph that compares the accuracy scores for them: Logistic Regression, KNN, and Decision Trees. I included metriucs such as precision, f1 score, and recall while testing my models. And finally, I have some overfitting/underfitting code  thats applied to each of my machine learning models. In that code, I creat some graphs that display the models training and test scores before optimization occured. I even created a histogram that compares the testing and test scores for  each of my three machine learning models. I dont use this graph in my presentation but rather use it as a way for me to better see where my models stand in overfitting/udnerfitting after optimization is applied on them. I am heavy on the
visuals so that I can see if my null or alternate hypothesis are proving to be true. But from my data analysis, I have determind that there is no difference between age status, menopausal status, tumor size, and the likelihood of breast  cancer reccurnece. This is mostly discovered from my correlation matruix, where there was very little correlation between my variables. My highest correlation score was 0.49 between inv-nodes and capsule nodes. Breast cancer reoccurnece is
slim as only about 29% of people had breast cancer occur for them again

